Welcome to the CompliSound Emporium, by trulythepawn.
Compatible with CCCP Release 7.0.

This is a huge set of sounds, generic spawnable VFX, and generic scripts for usage in other mods, with a focus on terrain-specific effects
for things like footsteps, bullets hitting various terrains, etcetera.

Another highlight is the HEATSystem, which is a system to handle gun animations, staged reloads, interesting dynamic recoil, and more. See the included sample HEATPistol.


About sounds:

Many of the sounds are tied to scripts you can use directly to avoid .ini entirely. However, if you must use a sound in .ini,
I recommend using the files in this mod directly by pathing to them inside of your own mod.
FMOD intelligently re-uses sound files, which means that it is safe for you to path to them even if this .rte also does.
It won't use more memory needlessly.

In any case, presets are provided and the mod is prioritized to be loaded first alphabetically, making it possible for you to use
them anyway if you really don't want to make your own presets.


About VFX:

It's theoretically inadvisable to use the presets in this mod directly in .ini, because ideally every CC mod is self-contained due to the
potentially wonky alphabetic loading (what if your mod starts with 00?) but this is the only available way to use these effects outside of Lua.

However: using these presets in scripts specifically is safe. Lua scripts only ever run after all loading is done, which means it
doesn't matter when this mod was loaded versus your own.


About scripts:

Pathing to the scripts directly is fine and simple. If you find they don't work as expected, check inside the script itself
for any relevant instructions.


About sound priority:

Some proposed values:

1: Absolute mission critical
25: Ought be heard every time it plays
75: Important
100: More important than average
128: Default
150: Less important than average
175: Flavor audio - not important
200: Should make room for anything else that plays